1- Who developed python programming language?
Guido van Rossum

2- Which type of programming does python support 
Dynamic programming

3- Is python case sensitive when dealing with identifier?
yes

4- What is the correct extension for python file?
file.py

5-is python code compiled or interpreted?
Python is an interpreted language, which means the source code of a Python program is converted into bytecode that is then executed by the Python virtual machine.

6- Name a few blocks of code used to define in python language?
a= 1
if a==1
	print(a)
	if b==a:
		print(b)
print("end")

7- State a character used to give a single line comment in python?
#

8- Mention functions which can help us to find the version of python that we are currently working on?
python --version #on cmd line
or
import sys
sys.version

9- Python supports the creation of anonymous function at runtime, using a cunstruct called?
lambda

10- What does pipstand for?
pip stand for "pip install packages"

11- Mention a few built in functioni in python
filter,int,str,list,help,print,inputlen,map

12- What is the maximum possible length of an identifier in python?
79 characters

13-what are the benifits of using python?
Simple to Use and Understand. For newcomers, Python is simple to understand and use. ...
Free and Open-Source. Video Player is loading. ...
Productivity has Increased. ...
Interpreted Language. ...
Extensive library. ...
Dynamically Typed. ...
Portability. ...
Supportive community

14- How is memory managed in python?
ython uses the dynamic memory allocation which is managed by the Heap data structure. Memory Heap holds the objects and other data structures that will be used in the program. Python memory manager manages the allocation or de-allocation of the heap memory space through the API functions

15- How to install python on windows and set path variables?
go to python download latest version of python and install it.
then, click on windows key andd search for enviornment variable 
then click on edit 
then add the path of python bin file in the system variable.

16- Is indentation required in python?
Yes
